README.md, before:

# Are We Web Yet

[This project](https://github.com/bashyHQ/arewewebyet) tries to give the answer to the question, "is the [Rust](http://rust-lang.org) ecosystem ready for web development yet?" This document gives an overview on the structure of the data, the technologies used and how you can contribute to the project. If you want to see the output of the project, please go to

**[arewewebyet.org](http://www.arewewebyet.org/)**

## Contributing

All contributions are welcome to the project. The curators try to review all pull requests as quickly as possible. However, this is a volunteer run project, so please be patient with it. If you are planning on submitting bigger changes to the project, please open a GitHub issue first and talk to the team before submitting to make sure your work will be accepted. Please refer to the  [CONTRIBUTING](./CONTRIBUTING.md) document for details.

## Code of Conduct

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Code_of_Conduct-Contributor_Covenant-green.svg?style=flat-square)

This project is managed under an adapted [Contributor Convenant](http://contributor-covenant.org/) Code of Conduct, applicable to everyone involved in the project (including core committers, maintainers and sponsors) in all forms of online and offline communication (public and private) as well as for all affiliated events and meetings.

[Read the full Code of Conduct here](./CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

## License

![](https://img.shields.io/github/license/bashyHQ/arewewebyet.svg?style=flat-square)

The project and all its work is published under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License. To learn more about the conditions of that License, please refer to the [LICENSE](LICENSE) document in this folder.

The original work this project is largely inspired by, was done and published by [Chris Morgan](https://github.com/chris-morgan) under the Creative Commons Attribution License (his link suggests, version 3.0).

Commit message:

Rebrand as the numeric project

README.md, after:

# Are We Numeric Yet

[This project](https://github.com/bashyHQ/arewenumericyet) tries to give the answer to the question, "is the [Rust](http://rust-lang.org) ecosystem ready for machine learning and data science yet?" This document gives an overview on the structure of the data, the technologies used and how you can contribute to the project. If you want to see the output of the project, please go to

**[arewenumericyet.org](http://www.arewenumericyet.org/)**

## Contributing

All contributions are welcome to the project. The curators try to review all pull requests as quickly as possible. However, this is a volunteer run project, so please be patient with it. If you are planning on submitting bigger changes to the project, please open a GitHub issue first and talk to the team before submitting to make sure your work will be accepted. Please refer to the  [CONTRIBUTING](./CONTRIBUTING.md) document for details.

## Code of Conduct

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Code_of_Conduct-Contributor_Covenant-green.svg?style=flat-square)

This project is managed under an adapted [Contributor Convenant](http://contributor-covenant.org/) Code of Conduct, applicable to everyone involved in the project (including core committers, maintainers and sponsors) in all forms of online and offline communication (public and private) as well as for all affiliated events and meetings.

[Read the full Code of Conduct here](./CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

## License

![](https://img.shields.io/github/license/bashyHQ/arewewebyet.svg?style=flat-square)

The project and all its work is published under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License. To learn more about the conditions of that License, please refer to the [LICENSE](LICENSE) document in this folder.

This is a fork of AreWeWebYet, which in itself is largely inspired by [Chris Morgan](https://github.com/chris-morgan) prior work, all published under the Creative Commons Attribution License.
